So these are the private IP addresses.
Ten is a classic example 172 16 to 170 31 is a Class B and the 1 2 1 6 8 range is Class C.
Now don't forget there are public IP addresses in those ranges.
So 1 2 9 and 11 to 126 are public class addresses.
These are examples of class B public addresses 128 to one 17:15 and then 170 32 to 1 on 1 255 255 255
and then class-C is 1 2 2 1 9 2 1 6 7 and 1 2 1 6 9 2 2 3 3 255.
So based on RAFC 19:18 some B and some class-C addresses were allocated for private addresses.
Now public addresses used to be managed by the Internet.
But they have been succeeded by the honor or intonate assigned to numbers authority the managers and
the remaining supply of IP addresses to try and ensure that IP address depletion is pushed out as long
as possible.
But these days you may struggle to get IP version for public addresses as parts of the world have already
run out.
So who's in charge of IP addresses in different parts of the world.
Here are some examples.
So the owner allocates public IP addresses to one of these groups as an example ripe on charge of IP
addresses in Europe.